how to layer flyte build on existing build system (#990)
unionai/docs: content/user-guide/project-patterns/bring-your-own-image.md

Teams hand you their base images. They built these images for their own purposes — Flyte was never a consideration. Your job is to adapt them.

{{< variant union >}}
{{< markdown >}}
> [!TIP]

> > Want Union to optimize your images so cold-node pulls drop from minutes to under a second? See [Layering on top of an existing image build](./cicd#layering-on-top-of-an-existing-image-build) for the equivalent flow when your base is built in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Want Union to optimize your images so image pulls for a new image (cold-start) drops from minutes to under a second? See [Layering on top of an existing image build](./cicd#layering-on-top-of-an-existing-image-build) for the equivalent flow when your base is built in CI.
```
